Update downtimes.md with additional context (#9613)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/downtimes.md

**Note**: Muting or un-muting a monitor with the UI does not delete scheduled downtimes associated with the monitor. To edit or delete a downtime, use the [Manage Downtimes][1] page or the [API][6].

> If a monitor is in an alert-worthy state (ALERT, WARNING, or NO DATA) when downtime expires, the monitor is forced to recover and will quickly retrigger if alert conditions are being met. This applies to monitors that transition state during downtime (such as from OK to ALERT, WARNING, or NO DATA), and also to monitors that already have an alert-worthy state when downtime commences. 

Author: LGTM

Example 1:

> If a monitor is in an alert state **before** downtime commences and **continues** for the duration of downtime:

Author: LGTM

* Any subsequent notifications for this alert will be suppressed
* Monitor remains in an alert state (if the conditions are still met) 
* Downtime ends
* Monitor is forced to recover

> * Alert condition is still met and a new notification is sent

Author: LGTM

 
Example 2:

> If a monitor is in an alert state **before** a downtime commences and recovers **during** that downtime:

Author: LGTM

> * State transitions from alert to OK
> * Recovery event is sent during the downtime (but only for the first recovery during that downtime)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The state transitions from alert to `OK`.
2. The recovery notification is sent during the downtime, but only for the first recovery during that downtime.
```

Author: LGTM
